Now we started adding content to our starting page and styles we can already see that this page is getting
quite big.
We're putting all our logic all our code in here.
Now obviously the posts here will be rendered dynamically in the future but still we do the entire styling
of all the different pieces of this page manually.
Actually however we could split it up into some components and we should do so.
View is all about creating such small building blocks and it makes your application easier to manage
and easier to exchange these building blocks.
Update them or reuse them.
If you outsource the logic the stylist template into components and the perfect component of what be
disposed.
Preview thing here where we have the next link with our preview HDMI code.
We should put that into its own components so let's go to the components folder and then they're all
remove the logo W-4.
We don't use that rebuilt component anymore but in there all now create a new folder posts because I
want to store all my posts related components in that folder so that I have some organization now in
their altered and you follow the post previewed that if you fall into a convention to name ID like this
in Pascal case the post previewed or you fall will have a template and my template is just this next
link thing which I highlighted in the index that you followed directly in the pages folder.
OK did from there and remove the second one too so that this is now.
But the MTA and I'll go back to the Post review and entered here as a template.
I want to use just like that.
Now the template alone isn't worth that much.
We all need our styles so all scope them again by adding scope and then I'll go back to the index that
you follow again which I can work on.
And now here I'll again grab all the post preview relate that Stahl's.
So from post preview and below.
Wrap them all cut them from the page file.
I don't need them here and instead move them to the Post review because they only are relevant to this
post preview.
Now with that we got our page cleaned up a bit.
Now of course we need to import our posts pre-boot component.
So in the index that you fall in the pages folder I'll add a script section and I'll add the imports
import statement where they import post preview from and then it's at.
Slash component's slash.
And then we used that posts folder and there to post preview file.
You have to admit Didon view it will be added automatically and then in the component object of this
page you add the components propertied you understands and you refer to post preview which behind the
scenes is extended to post preview with a value of post preview.
This allows us to use that as a component in our featured posts section.
So I use it as a normal HTL element as self-closing one though.
Because I don't need to pass anything between opening and closing text and now I can replicate this
free times to save and go back and have three equal posts.
Great.
That may make it a bit bigger like this.
So that's the first step.
Now of course we want to pass some data to that component though because right now we hard code everything
in there.
In reality we'd like to render different posts and pass different information pieces to the post therefore
we can do this with props.
A normal view concept not related to next.
So therefore I'll add a script object and area to the post preview component.
We can give the component a name which only helps us with debugging.
Basically we can see that if we get any error messages.
More importantly I'll add a props object when I want to find the props.
This component works with for example is the ideal Propp we can define it by passing an object as an
argument for it and set to type to string.
And this is all default view chase.
Not next specific.
So we set to type 2 string and we set it to be required because we need to know the id of the post we're
rendering.
Then we can add a title that also is a string and that also will be required.
We need to know what title to output.
We all need a preview text so that also should be a string in the end and it should be required.
And of course I want to have a thumbnail.
So let's add a thumbnail prompt that will be a path to the thumbnail.
So also a string and it also is required.
Now this becomes really reusable because now you can just use these props like ID here for example just
referring to ID.
This will refer to this Propp we receive.
I can use title of course here instead of hard coding post title I can outpoured output to the title
property in whichever value it holds the preview text can be output down there.
So let's output preview text here.
And of course the thumbnail can be used in R U or L here for dad.
I turned a style binding into a dynamic one by adding a colon and then its background image in camel
case so that it's a valid property in javascript.
It also has to be inside a javascript object which we actually pass to the style binding as an argument.
And now I just need to ensure that here this u r l thing actually is a string.
So let's wrap it with quotation marks.
Now this is broken because we already have quotation marks.
So inside of there however I will just skip out of that string temporarily like this because here I
dynamically want to output from there so I will still construct that you are l.
But to a fan mail I receive from outside.
Now does this relate reuseable but forces us to use our post preview component a bit differently.
In our indexed w file in our pages folder there.
Post preview now only works if we pass an ID one for example if we pass a link to a thumbnail and here
I will use the same link as before.
You can of course pick any you or else you want.
And we can also set the title here like.
Hello there or the preview text this is my first post.
And now we can remove the post previous and replicate this first one here.
Leydet simply put multiple posts where we now pass different props so different ideas different titles.
Hello there.
The second time because this is my second post and then maybe.
Hi this is my first post and if we save this and we go back now you see the different data in the posts.
The image is the same because I pass the same.
You are l but the text differs and if I click on them you all the c you are l the d id which will load
is a different one.
Here is slash post slash one and here it slash posts slash too.
So this is how we can have a nice co-existence and actually not just that but a nice approach where
we use Page components for the general structure of a page but then small focused components stored
in the components folder for the bowling blocks that make up our pages.